--- 
title: Riak Recap for September 3 - 6
layout: newpost
summary:
---

Evening, Afternoon, Morning To All - 

For today's Recap: meetups, new code, new production users, blog posts, and more.

Enjoy.

"Mark":twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for September 3 - 6*

# "Nick Campbell":http://twitter.com/ncb000gt built an app using Riak and Luwak for Node Knockout.
-> "Go see if you can break it here":http://bearshark.nko2.nodeknockout.com/ 
-> "A few details on the app here":http://twitter.com/#!/ncb000gt/statuses/110764370715344896
_Anyone else use Riak for a Node Knockout app?_
# Juliano Martinez let it leak that he added support for Riak to the S3 Clone he is working on.
-> "Code here on GitHub":https://github.com/ncode/otto
# Chad DePue (@chaddepue) wrote a great blog post about his experience using and working with Riak over the past year.
-> "Read here":http://inakanetworks.com/blog/2011/08/25/when-to-use-riak/
-> "There was also a lively discussion about the post on Hacker News":http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2969865
# Jon Brisbin's talk from Erlang Factory about Riak and RabbitMQ is online (PDF and video).
-> "Watch here":http://www.erlang-factory.com/conference/London2011/speakers/JonBrisbin 
# I wrote up a blog post detailing all the Riak-related events in September.
-> "Read here":http://blog.basho.com/2011/09/07/Riak-is-Going-To-Have-a-Huge-September/
# Two Common Lisp Libraries for Riak appeared today (obviously both are still quite nascent but definitely worth keeping an eye on).
-> "https://github.com/eriknomitch/cl-riak":https://github.com/eriknomitch/cl-riak
-> "https://github.com/whee/cl-riak":https://github.com/whee/cl-riak
# Two great jobs to pass along:
-> HP Cloud Services in Seattle is hiring developers with Riak skills. "Details here":http://www.linkedin.com/groups/HP-Cloud-Services-Looking-Riak-2913983.S.68805320.
-> Thoughtleadr in San Francisco is hiring a Linux Admin with Riak with
experience. "Details here":http://www.startuply.com/Jobs/Linux_Administrator_5134_1.aspx. 