---
layout: newpost
title: Riak Recap for July 29 - 31
categories:
---

_Posted on August 01, 2011_

Evening, Morning, Afternoon To All -

For today's Recap: Slides, new code, Office Hours at Basho West, jobs, and more.

Enjoy, and thanks for being a part of Riak.

"Mark":twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for July 29 - 31*

# Jeff Kirkell posted the slides he used for the "Breaking Riak" workshop he delivered last week at OSCON. Thanks, Jeff!
-> "Check them out here":http://www.slideshare.net/Jkirkell/breaking-a-riak-cluster
# Francisco Treacy spun up a new repo on GitHub called "Connect-Riak," a Riak Session Store for Connect backed by riak-js. Thanks, Francisco!
-> "Details and code here":http://twitter.com/#!/riakjs/status/97675036491657217
# Brian Rowe fixed a small typo on the MapReduce page on the wiki. (No contribution is too small.) Thanks, Brian!
-> "Pull request here":https://github.com/basho/riak_wiki/pull/139 
# We put some office hours on the calendar at BashoWest. These will be happening on Wednesday in San Francisco. Hope to see some of you there.
-> "Details on the Basho Blog here":http://blog.basho.com/2011/08/01/Riak-Office-Hours-Happening-Wednesday-August-3/
# A few very cool jobs to pass along (courtesy of a recent Hacker News poll). H/T to Jared Morrow for bringing these to my attention.
-> Adcloud.com in Cologne, Germany is hiring developers with Node.js and Riak experience. "Read more here":http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2831764.
->  Pixfizz in Barcelona is looking for Riak, Node.js, and Rails hackers. "Some details here":http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2831957.
_(Also, if anyone from Adcloud or Pixfizz is reading this, mark@basho.com would love to hear more about how you're using Riak.)_