--- 
layout: newpost
title: Riak Recap for August 3 - 4
categories:
---

_Posted on August 05, 2011_

Afternoon, Evening, Morning to All -

Here's a great Recap to take you into the weekend: slide decks, blog posts, new code, and more.

Enjoy

"Mark":twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for August 3 - 4*

# Version 0.0.3 of django-riak-sessions just hit PyPI.
-> "Code here":http://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-riak-sessions/0.0.3  
-> "On GitHub here":https://github.com/flashingpumpkin/django-riak-sessions 
# Damon Oehlman wrote a blog post called "Masterless Replication inNoSQL Solutions" and was looking for some people using Riak in production to bounce some questions off of.
-> "Read here":http://www.distractable.net/coding/nosql-solutions-masterless-replication 
# Nathan Marz (@nathanmarz) wrote a post for the Twitter Engineering Blog all about Storm, the realtime computation system he and his team built. Riak gets a few shout outs.
-> "Read here":http://engineering.twitter.com/2011/08/storm-is-coming-more-details-and-plans.html
# A video of Basho CTO Justin Sheehy and Damian Katz talking about Riak, CouchDB, Erlang, and all sorts of other good stuff just surfaced.
-> "Watch here":http://www.infoq.com/interviews/sheehy-katz-riak-couchdb 
# Bryan O'Sullivan's "Building Solid Distributed Applications with Haskell and Riak" from Erlang Factory is online and viewable.
-> "Watch here":http://www.infoq.com/presentations/Distributed-Applications-with-Haskell-and-Riak
# For anyone heading to the NoSQLNow Conference in San Jose in a few weeks, you can expect to see Andy Gross on the "Innovation in NoSQL Data Stores" panel.
-> "Details here":http://nosql2011.wilshireconferences.com/sessionPop.cfm?confid=64&proposalid=4098
# Michael Klishin contributed a small fix to the Wiki. Thanks, Michael!
-> "Pull request here":https://github.com/basho/riak_wiki/pull/142 
# @NirvanaCore wrote an extensive comment on a Hacker News thread with details on a new platform they are building. The one liner: "CoffeeScript based web apps on an erlang platform backed by Riak." Keep an eye on them.
-> "Here's the write-up":http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2848647