--- 
title: Riak Recap for November 21 - 22
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on November 23, 2011_

Afternoon, Evening, Morning to All -

Short Recap for today: blog post, some new code, and a dog.

Enjoy, and Happy Thanksgiving to all who celebrate it.

"Mark":twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for November 21 - 22*
# Kurtis Rainbolt-Greene is working on a Ruby Web Framework called "Shogun", and he's making Riak a first-class database. (Thanks, Kurtis!)
-> "Code here on GitHub":https://github.com/krainboltgreene/shogun  
# Version 0.1.20 of ldapjs-riak is out.
->  "Code here":http://search.npmjs.org/#/ldapjs-riak
# Gordon Tillman wrote a blog with some sample code that shows how you can use 2i and MapReduce to query sensor data (based on a use case that was discussed on the list). (Thanks, Gordon!)
-> "Read here":http://www.gordontillman.info/computers/41-web-application-development/101-riak-secondary-indexes-sample
# Eric Stevens submitted a sizable pull request against the PHP client that adds all sorts of capabilities. This is an extensive chunk of code and could use some review/comments from interested parties. (Thanks, Eric!)
-> "Code here":https://github.com/basho/riak-php-client/pull/17 
# John Leach pointed out (in #riak) that a Secondary Indexes blog post from a few months back could use some augmenting. (The precise suggestion was that we should include a link to the complete, current API docs.) We happily added it.
-> "This is the updated post":http://basho.com/blog/technical/2011/09/14/Secondary-Indexes-in-Riak 
-> More importantly, he wanted it known that "his dog, Lily":http://johnleach.co.uk/photography/random/DSC01996.JPG, played a large role in spotting this shortcoming.

*Bugs/Issues*
# New/Reopened
-> 1292: "Corrupted hint file prevents loading all keys in linked data file":https://issues.basho.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1292
-> 1160: "Bitcask fails to merge on corrupt file":https://issues.basho.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1160
# Closed/Resolved/Patched
-> 1291: "Incorrect match of erlang:decode_packet return value in mochiweb":https://issues.basho.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1291 