--- 
title: Riak Recap for September 26 - 27
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on September 28, 2011_


Afternoon, Evening, Morning to All

This Recap comes to you live from the front row at Surge, where Sean
Cribbs and Ian Plokser "are delivering a half-day Riak training to a
packed house":http://dl.dropbox.com/u/4584848/sean-riak-surge.JPG.

Great Recap for today: slides, podcasts, blog posts, and more.

Enjoy.

"Mark":twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for September 26 - 27*


# John Muellerleile posted his slides from the "Scaling ShowYou" event that happened on Monday night in San Francisco.
-> "Details and slides here":https://twitter.com/jrecursive/status/118696537718132737
# Jeremiah Peschka is having a banner week in the community:
->  "He wrote a great blog post about Riak Use Cases":http://www.brentozar.com/archive/2011/09/different-world-three-use-cases-for-riak/
-> "He was on the .NET Rocks Podcast talking about the work he and a few others are doing on CorrugatedIron":http://www.dotnetrocks.com/default.aspx?showNum=701
# We added The NetCircle to the production users page on the Riak Wiki (h/t to Joe Lambert for making this happen).
-> "Read here":http://wiki.basho.com/Who-is-Using-Riak.html#thenetcircle
# Dr. Dobb's wrote a piece on Riak based on the upcoming 1.0 release.
-> "Read here":http://drdobbs.com/database/231602292
# One job to pass along:
-> "Rearden Commerce is hiring a Sr. Software Engineer with Riak and
Redis experience":https://careers-reardencommerce.icims.com/jobs/1874/job.
# Slightly off-topic but worth mentioning: Yammer, heavy users of Riak and all around awesome software, raised a round of funding. Big congrats to Coda Hale, Ryan Kennedy, and the rest of the team at Yammer!
-> "Read about it here":http://venturebeat.com/2011/09/27/yammer-raises-17m-enterprise-social-networking/.

