--- 
title: Riak Recap for December 9 - 11
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on December 12, 2011_

Evening, Morning, Afternoon to All -

For today's Recap: blogs, talks, contributions, and more.

Enjoy.

"Mark":twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for December 9 - 11*

# Basho DA Sean Cribbs will be in NYC tomorrow and might be available to talk Riak if anyone is interested.
-> "Details here":http://twitter.com/#!/seancribbs/statuses/146296580755038209
# Basho Chief Architect Andy Gross is speaking at ScaleConf in this January in South Africa. Basho is also sponsoring the event. You should attend.
-> "Details here":http://scaleconf.org/
# We merged a few pull requests last week. Here's the summary:
-> https://github.com/basho/riak/pull/89 (Thanks, Carlos Brando)
-> https://github.com/basho/riak/pull/22 (Thanks, Tuncer)
-> https://github.com/basho/riak-erlang-client/pull/35 (Thanks, Åukasz Milewski)
-> https://github.com/basho/merge_index/pull/19 (Thanks, Jesse Newland)
# Basho Developer Reid Draper wrote a great blog post about Knockbox, a chunk of Clojure code he's working on that makes it easier to work with conflict-resolution in eventually-consistent databases.
-> "Read here":http://www.reiddraper.com/introducing-knockbox 

*Bugs/Issues*

# New
-> 1304: "Search indexes have no anti-entropy":https://issues.basho.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1304
-> 1303: "Search timeout casues to_mochijson2 JSON conversion error":https://issues.basho.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1303"
# Closed/Patched/Existing
-> 1281: "Not all Errors from a MR Get Returned Using PB or HTTP":https://issues.basho.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1281
