--- 
title: Riak Recap for August 15 - 16
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on August 17, 2011_

Afternoon, Evening, Morning to All -

Great Recap for today: new Python and Ruby Code, talks, blog posts, a great job opportunity, and more.

Enjoy.

"Mark":twitter.com/pharkmillups


*Riak Recap for August 15 - 16*


# Andy Gross is giving a talk on Riak at the NoCal Oracle Users Group tomorrow in San Ramon. (Yes, I said "Oracle".)
-> "Details here":http://www.nocoug.org/next.html#T3S2
# Parnell Springmeyer has a new repo up on BitBucket called "riakc", a command-line interface for Riak built using Python. Thanks, Parnell!
-> "Repo here":https://bitbucket.org/ixmatus/riakc
-> "On PyPI":http://pypi.python.org/pypi/riakc/0.1
# We put some Riak Office Hours on the calendar for tomorrow in New York City. Sean Cribbs will be in town and hacking from the General Assembly offices from 2-5.
->"Details here":http://t.co/MQwOQ1C 
# One great Riak job to pass along to anyone in the UK - The Mobile Interactive Group is hiring an Application Developer skilled in Riak, Erlang, and Ruby. Interested parties can email _david@migcan.com_ directly.
-> "Full description here":http://www.linkedin.com/jobs?viewJob=&jobId=1872096 
# We added a Creative Commons License to the Riak Wiki.
-> "Check the footer here":http://wiki.basho.com/
# Brian Lee Yung Rowe is quickly turning into one of the most prolific bloggers in the Riak Community. His latest post is called 'Teaser: Running R as a map/reduce job from Riak.' Go read it. Then subscribe to his blog. Thanks, Brian!
-> "Post here":http://cartesianfaith.wordpress.com/2011/08/17/teaser-running-r-as-a-mapreduce-job-from-riak/
# Eric Redmond tweeted a Riak-inspired comic (and I'm assuming he's the creator).
-> "Print this out and put it on your wall":http://twitter.com/#!/inviite/statuses/103917415305461760
# "Mathias Meyer":https://twitter.com/roidrage released a new library called "riaktivity." The code is still quite young but it's goal is to make it easier to store timelines in Riak with Ruby. Thanks, Mathias!
-> "Code here":https://github.com/mattmatt/riaktivity 