--- 
title: Riak Recap for September 12 - 13
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on September 14, 2011_

Evening, Morning, Afternoon to All -

For today's Recap: blog posts, new code, and more.

Enjoy.

"Mark":twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for September 12 - 13*

# We released Riak 1.0.0pre3. 
-> Downloads and updated release notes "here":http://lists.basho.com/pipermail/riak-users_lists.basho.com/2011-September/005617.html
# Greg Stein and Reid Draper continue to do great stuff for the Python client.
-> "Latest contributions here":https://github.com/basho/riak-python-client/commits/master
# Kyle Kingsbury shared a sneak peak of the Riak metrics app he and John Muellerleile will be showing off at the talk they are giving on September 26th in San Francisco.
-> "Picture and talk details here":http://twitter.com/#!/aphyr/statuses/113444452374294528
# Mark Steele wrote a great post about how to stream chunk encoded HTTP responses that should be particularly interesting to any PHP devs on the list.
-> "Read here":http://www.control-alt-del.org/2011/09/09/streaming-results-from-riak-over-http-in-php/
# Basho Dev. Rusty Klophaus wrote a blog post all about Secondary Indexing.
-> "Read here":http://blog.basho.com/2011/09/14/Secondary-Indexes-in-Riak/
-> "Hacker News Discussion":http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2997276 
# We merged a sizable contribution to Riak Search from Greg Pascale and the Clipboard.com team that adds support for the 'fl' SOLR parameter. Thanks, Greg! (Did I mention "Clipboard is hiring":https://www.clipboard.com/jobs?)
-> "Commit here":https://github.com/basho/riak_search/commit/44031bcc8e0744c7204f7f06840486e37742e13a
# We merged a small contribution to Riak from Morten Siebuhr. Thanks, Morten!
-> "Commit here":https://github.com/basho/riak/commit/87fcc71174f93dd2a0254a2a57f6f76d5ef30717
# Another reminder about the Riak training happening Surge next week ...
-> "Details and registration here":http://omniti.com/surge/2011/sessions/training

