---
layout: newpost
title: Riak Recap for July 13 - 14
categories:
---

_Posted on July 15, 2011_

Afternoon, Evening, Morning to All

For today's Recap: jobs, gists from #riak, blog posts, and more.

Enjoy, and have a great weekend.

"Mark":twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for July 13 - 14*

# Myron Marston and the Ripple Committers have Ripple running on Travis CI. Travis CI is a (new) open, distributed build system for the Ruby community.
-> "Details here":http://twitter.com/#!/seancribbs/statuses/91579267246338048
# Speaking of Ripple, Sean posted his Day 3 Recap blog post about the Ripple Hackathon that just concluded in San Francisco.
-> "Read here":http://bit.ly/mXAAKT 
# Basho Hacker Russell Brown (@russelldb) wrote a great post about the changes he just merged into Riak's Java Client.
-> "Read here":http://blog.basho.com/2011/07/14/The-All-New-Riak-Java-Client/
# cdepue and silvainsf had a short conversation in #riak about one approach to doing geo-spacial encoding with Riak.
-> "Read here":https://gist.github.com/1085479 
# nathanmarz and etrepum had an interesting chat in #riak that started with "could riak-core be used to build other kind of data models, such as key -> set?"
-> "Gist here":https://gist.github.com/1085488
# Three jobs to pass along:
-> Qwiki is looking for an Engineer in San Francisco with Riak chops. More "here":http://www.ventureloop.com/ventureloop/jobdetail.php?r=f_sh&jobid=66965. 
-> RedFlag in Houston is looking for a Ruby Developer with Riak experience (bonus points for Erlang knowledge on this one, too). More "here":http://www.rorjobs.com/a/jbb/job-details/528382.
-> Synacor in Buffalo is hiring a Web Software Architect that knows them some Riak. More "here":http://personforce.com/jobs/employment/Web+Software+Architect/11538. 