--- 
layout: newpost
title: Riak Recap for August 5 - 7
categories:
---

_Posted on August 08, 2011_

Evening, Morning, Afternoon to All -

Short recap to pass along from the last few days: new code, a video, blog posts, and more.

Enjoy.

"Mark":twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for August 5 - 7*

# Joe Lambert (@cyborgpirates) wrote a short piece for his blog about using streaming list keys. Thanks, Joe!
-> "Read here":http://www.megarockv.com/2011/08/07/riak-erlang-stream_list_keys-example/
# Brett Hoerner has a new project up on GitHub called "timak," a Python library for storing activity streams in Riak. It's "very alpha and rough around the edges" but you're probably going to want to keep an eye on it. Thanks, Brett!
-> "Code here":https://github.com/bretthoerner/timak
# We posted the video from the "Riak at Formspring" talk that was delivered a few weeks back at the San Francisco Riak Meetup. This one is well worth the 28 minutes.
-> "Read and watch here":http://blog.basho.com/2011/08/08/Riak-at-Formspring-Video-from-SF-Riak-Meetup/
# Perhaps a bit off-topic for the Recap but I figured I would pass this along: Basho is hiring a UX Designer.
-> "If this is you or someone you know, get in touch with us":http://www.basho.com/company_careers.php#designer.
# Q - Are riak keys/buckets case sensitive, or in other words, is
the key "MyKey" and "mykey" the same? (from oal via #riak)	
  A - Yes. They are case-sensitive; just treated as binaries (byte buffers).
# One job to pass along:
-> "Comcast is hiring a Sr. Systems Admin with Riak experience":http://bit.ly/qcbKba
