--- 
title: Riak Recap for October 17 - 18
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on October 19, 2011_

Evening, Morning, Afternoon To All -

Big Recap for today: new code, conferences, blog posts, slides, and more.

Enjoy.

"Mark":twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for October 17 - 18*

# Jeffrey K. Eliasen wrote a short post on setting up Riak. Thanks, Jeffrey!
->  "Read here":http://jeff.jke.net/2011/10/09/setting-riak 
# Diego Castorina wrote an extensive overview post about Riak. Thanks, Diego!
->  "Read here":http://a-developer-life.blogspot.com/2011/10/riak-key-value-store-with-configurable.html
# Andrzej Kajetanowicz fixed a typo in the Erlang client documentation. Thanks, Andrzej!
-> "PR here":https://github.com/basho/riak-erlang-client/pull/39 
# Basho is throwing a Riak 1.0 Release Party in San Francisco on Nov
8th. If you're in the area, we want you here.
->  "Details here":http://www.meetup.com/San-Francisco-Riak-Meetup/events/37997632/
# ldapjs-riak v0.1.7 was released by Mark Cavage.
-> "Details here":http://search.npmjs.org/#/ldapjs-riak 
# A short piece on Riak appeared on sourceforge.jp
-> "Read here":http://sourceforge.jp/magazine/11/09/28/1051240 
# The slides from GOTO Amsterdam and Aarhus are online. Three great Riak-related slides decks to pass along:
-> "Bring Riak to the Mobile Platform":http://gotocon.com/dl/goto-aarhus-2011/slides/KrestenKrabThorup_BringingRiakToTheMobilePlatform.pdf
-> "Embracing Concurrency at Scale":http://gotocon.com/dl/goto-aarhus-2011/slides/JustinSheehy_EmbracingConcurrencyAtScale.pdf 
-> "Riak on Drugs - and the Other Way Around":http://gotocon.com/dl/goto-aarhus-2011/slides/KrestenKrabThorup_CaseStudyRiakOnDrugsandTheOtherWayAround.pdf
# Basho is holding a webinar on October 25th all about the querying enhancements that were part of 1.0.
-> "Register here":http://info.basho.com/enhancements.html 
# We merged a handful of contributions to the Python Client from Soren Hansen. Thanks, Soren!
-> "Latest commits here":https://github.com/basho/riak-python-client/commits/master
# For anyone in or around the Washington, DC area: the DC Erlang Meetup Group is putting on a one day event on December 3rd called ErlangDC. Basho is proud to be sponsoring, and we'll also be giving a few talks.
-> "Details here":http://erlangdc.com 
# Mark Smith released a Nagios plugin for Riak. Thanks, Mark!
-> "Code here":https://github.com/xb95/nagios-plugins 
-> This is also a great time to remind people of the "Monitoring, Management, and GUI Tools section of the Wiki":http://bit.ly/oc7nn3.
