--- 
title: Riak Recap for March 2 - 4
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on March 05, 2012_

Evening, Morning, Afternoon to All -

Short Recap for today: new code, videos, and upcoming meetups in Buffalo and Vancouver.

(Also, I'll be on vacation up through next Tuesday, so if anyone wants to get ambitious and put together Recaps for later this week, you'll gain instant mailing list celebrity status.)

Enjoy.

"Mark":https://twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for March 2 - 4*

# Mathias Meyer gave a great talk at the beginning of February all about Querying Riak at the NoSQL Cologne Group. I foolishly forgot to pass along the video of the talk.
-> "Watch here":http://www.nosql-cologne.org/videos/#Riak
# Hector Castro has some new code on GitHub that let's you build a sandbox to play with multiple Riak nodes via Vagrant.
-> "Repo here":https://github.com/hectcastro/riak-cluster
# We posted the second video from last month's "BashoChats Meetup":http://www.meetup.com/BashoChats/events/50606262/ to the Basho Blog. This talk is from Ted Nyman, lead engineer at "Simple":https://simple.com/, and is all about building and shipping JVM-based services. (There isn't much about Riak in this talk, but it's worth the 40 minutes so I thought I would pass it along.)
-> "Instant-ish Real Service Architecture":http://basho.com/blog/technical/2012/03/05/Instantish-Real-Service-Architecture-BashoChats002/
# There's a Riak presentation happening at the WYN Ruby Bridage on March 20th in Buffalo, NY. This one will be delivered by Basho Hacker Andrew Thompson.
-> "Details and RSVP here":http://www.meetup.com/Western-New-York-Ruby/events/51549782/
# Andy Gross is giving a Riak a talk at the Vancouver Erlang Meetup on March 14th. We're also going to try and do a drink up after the meetup. I'll send along details as they come together for this.
-> "Meetup details here":http://www.meetup.com/erlang-vancouver/events/54568002/
