--- 
title: Riak Recap for February 3 - 5
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on February 6, 2012_

Evening, Morning, Afternoon to All - 

For today's Recap: blog posts, meetups, and more. 

Enjoy. 

"Mark":twitter.com/pharkmillups"

*Riak Recap for February 3 - 5*

# Basho Hacker Sean Cribbs will be talking about Riak at the "NoSQL in The Real World" event that Gilt Group is putting on Wednesday night in New York City. 
-> "Event details here":http://nosql-tech-talk.eventbrite.com/ 
# Buddy Lindsey wrote up his thoughts on Riak based on the Riak Chapter from the forthcoming "7 Databases in 7 Weeks" book. 
-> "Read here":http://buddylindsey.com/riak-week-2-of-7-databases-in-7-weeks 
# Ilya Grigorik wrote an extensive piece on LevelDB. 
-> "Read here":http://www.igvita.com/2012/02/06/sstable-and-log-structured-storage-leveldb/
# Basho Hacker Russell Brown will be doing a Riak tutorial in May at the NoSQL event that SkillsMatter is putting on. 
-> "Details and Registration here":http://skillsmatter.com/event/nosql/progressive-nosql-tutorials/ac-3538
# We put the next San Francisco Riak Meetup on the calendar. This one will be on February 23rd and will feature John Muellerleile, an engineer at Remixation, talking about Mecha, a search and analytics system for Riak that they use in production.
-> "Details here":http://www.meetup.com/San-Francisco-Riak-Meetup/events/51287272/ 
# If you're in Boston, take a stroll by Fenway Park. You might notice as few logos that look familiar. 
-> "Sneak peak here":https://twitter.com/#!/argv0/status/166681877732786176