--- 
title: Riak Recap for April 1 - 5
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on April 6, 2012_


Morning, Afternoon, Evening to All - 

For today's Recap: new slides, talks, and more. 

Have a great weekend. 

"Mark":https://twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for April 2 - 5* 

# Basho Hacker Scott Fritchie posted his slides from Dtrace Conf.
-> "Read here":http://www.snookles.com/scott/publications/dtrace.conf-2012.erlang-vm.pdf
-> "You can also watch all the videos here":http://www.ustream.tv/channel/dtrace-conf
# Pavlo Baron announced that his talk about Riak was accepted to Berlin Buzzwords. Congrats, Pavlo!
-> "Sparse details here":http://twitter.com/#!/pavlobaron/status/187587740223815681
# Basho Hacker Ian Plosker presented Riak at the RIT++ Conference in Moscow last week. 
-> "Slides here":http://www.slideshare.net/profyclub_ru/introduction-to-riak-ian-plosker
# Basho, Trifork and Erlang Solutions are doing another NoSQL Roadshow. This one will be in Zurich and is happening on April 26th. 
-> "Details here":http://nosqlroadshow.com/nosql-zurich-2012/schedule/index.jsp

*Issues*

# New
-> "Disable merges on startup to prevent high disk io with heavy requests":https://github.com/basho/bitcask/issues/42
-> "Tombstones are not reaped if reaping occurs before tombstones reach all replicas":https://github.com/basho/riak_kv/issues/311
-> "mochijson2 required for 2i driver":https://github.com/basho/basho_bench/issues/31
-> "N Value Preflist Message is Vague":https://github.com/basho/riaknostic/issues/28
-> "2i MapReduce can query non-extant keys":https://github.com/basho/basho_bench/issues/30
-> "R14B04 is required":https://github.com/basho/riaknostic/issues/29 
-> "The single character wildcard search matches multiple characters":https://github.com/basho/riak_search/issues/102