--- 
title: Riak Recap for June 7 - June 24
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on June 25, 2012_

Evening, Morning, Afternoon to All -

Yet another LONG overdue Recap. Talks, code, and more.

Also, if anyone is going to be at Velocity this week in Santa Clara, ping me. I'll be there.

Enjoy.

"Mark":twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for June 7 - June 24*

# Ward Bekker wrote up some instructions on using the riak_mongo code that Pavlo Baron started.
-> "Read here":https://github.com/wardbekker/riak_mongo/wiki/OSX-Installation-Instructions
# There are three new posts on the Basho Blog related to the 1.2 release.
-> "Supporting Riak on *BSD":http://basho.com/blog/technical/2012/06/11/Supporting-Riak-on-BSD/ 
-> "When API Compatible Isn't":http://basho.com/blog/technical/2012/06/18/When-API-Compatible-Isnt/
-> "Better Visibility Into Partition Transfers In Riak 1.2":http://basho.com/blog/technical/2012/06/25/Riak-Admin-Transfers-in-1-2-Release/
# Sean Cribbs' Eventually Consistent Data Structures talk from Berlin Buzzwords is now online.
-> "Watch here":https://vimeo.com/album/1968418/video/43903960
# Adrian Hills wrote a blog post about using Riak and .NET for Dzone.
-> "Read here":http://architects.dzone.com/articles/playin-around-riak-and-net
# Andrew Crute wrote an introductory Riak post for the Near Infinity blog.
-> "Read here":http://www.nearinfinity.com/blogs/andrew_crute/2012/06/18/a-brief-introduction-to-riak.html
# The Second London Riak Meetup is happening July 5th.
-> "Details here":http://www.meetup.com/riak-london/events/69174012/
# The first Riak Meetup in Chicago is happening July 11th. The team from Braintree is presenting at their offices on how they are using Riak and Ruby in production.
-> "Details here":http://www.meetup.com/Chicago-Riak-Meetup/
# Zachary Voase released rkQuery, a library for programmatically building Riak search queries.
-> "Code here":https://github.com/zacharyvoase/rkquery 
# Basho's Ian Plosker is on the OSCON schedule with a talk called "America's Next Top Data Model".
-> Details "here":http://www.oscon.com/oscon2012/public/schedule/detail/24137
# There's some work being doing to get Riak working with SimpleSAMLphp.
-> Details "here":http://groups.google.com/group/simplesamlphp/browse_thread/thread/ced076b29a12514f
# Some Q and A from various sources
-> "How do I model a twitter clone with Riak?":http://www.quora.com/Riak/How-do-I-model-a-twitter-clone-with-Riak
-> "Using a Riak Pre-Commit Hook to validate JSON":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11011366/use-riak-pre-commit-hook-to-validate-json-schema
-> "How to run an Erlang MapReduce function on Riak?":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10985458/how-to-run-an-erlang-mapreduce-function-on-riak
-> "Store the output of a MapReduce job directly on the Riak cluster?":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11106333/store-the-output-of-a-mapreduce-job-directly-on-the-riak-cluster
-> "Django and riak engine not found":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11114789/django-and-riak-engine-not-found
-> "riak content_type no method error":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11184103/riak-content-type-no-method-error
-> "RIAK: Mapping JSON response to an Object":http://forum.springsource.org/showthread.php?127536-RIAK-Mapping-JSON-response-to-an-Object
# We added a few new production users.
-> "Klarna":http://basho.com/company/production-users/#user-klarna
-> "Brightbox":http://basho.com/company/production-users/#user-brightbox
-> "Gatso":http://basho.com/company/production-users/#user-gatso
# There's a new Perl library for Riak called Data-Riak
-> "Code here":http://search.cpan.org/~anelson/Data-Riak-0.1/