--- 
title: Riak Recap for November 25 - December 05
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on December 05, 2012_


Afternoon, Morning, Evening to All

Here's a Recap for the last 10 days or so.

Also, Tom Santero and I will be in Chicago tonight through Friday afternoon for a "Riak Drinkup and Training":http://lists.basho.com/pipermail/riak-users_lists.basho.com/2012-November/010314.html (a few seats are still
available). If anyone wants to get together, shoot me an email or find me on twitter.

"Mark":http://twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for November 25 - December 4*

# Basho hacker Bryce Kerley wrote a Riak adapter for dcdll registries a few days back.
-> "Details here":https://twitter.com/bonzoesc/status/273258735047151616
# silasistefan started work on a PHP Admin panel for Riak.
->  "Code here":https://github.com/silasistefan/riak-admin
# A Riak connector for the Paperclip storage module just appeared.
->  "Code here":https://github.com/xinuc/paperclip-riak
# Basho is sponsoring a few upcoming conferences in the US and the EU.
->  "ErlangDC":http://erlangdc.com/?year=2013
->  "TakeOff":http://takeoffconf.com/
->  "Railsberry":http://railsberry.com/#sponsors
# Basho Hacker Eric Redmond's "Little Riak Book" has been coming along quite nicely.
->  "Read and contribute here":https://github.com/coderoshi/little_riak_book
# Basho Hacker Tom "The Greek" Santero gave a talk at the Philly DevOps meetup last week called "DevOps: A Cognitive Bias."
->  "Slides here":https://speakerdeck.com/tsantero/devops-a-cognitive-bias
# Basho Hacker Matt Roder was caught in public talking about Riak, eventual consistency, and tradeoffs.
->  "Excellent talk. Watch here":http://skillsmatter.com/podcast/home/riak-3631/ac-6052
# We have a few new posts up on the Basho Blog about the new work going into Riak CS.
->  "Read here":http://basho.com/blog/technical/2012/11/30/Citrix-CloudPlatform-Partnership-MDC-CloudStack-Collaboration-Conference/
-> "And here":http://basho.com/blog/technical/2012/11/30/Riak-CS-with-MDC-Replication/
-> We're also doing "a live Webcast tomorrow":http://info.basho.com/IntroToRiakCSDec6.html about this if anyone is interested.
# Basho Hacker Dave Parfitt has been spending some time on his Riak OCaml client.
-> "Latest here":https://github.com/metadave/riak-ocaml-client/commits/master
# nlf and contributors continue to make simpleriak a more robust library.
->  "Latest here":https://github.com/nathan-lafreniere/node-simpleriak/commits/master
# Roidrage et al continue to do good work on riak-js. (I've heard protocol buffers support is in the works...)
->  "Latest here":https://github.com/mostlyserious/riak-js/commits/master
# There are a few new RICON2012 videos live on the site.
-> "The most recent are at the top":http://ricon2012.com
->  You'll definitely want to watch Ryan Zezeski's "talk on Yokozuna":https://vimeo.com/54266574 (He also bought "a new motorcycle":https://twitter.com/rzezeski/status/274965230700883968)
# Some Q & A from SO
-> "http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13575070/riak-all-partitions-belong-to-one-node":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13575070/riak-all-partitions-belong-to-one-node
-> "http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13685384/how-must-i-use-the-java-api-to-facilitate-failover":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13685384/how-must-i-use-the-java-api-to-facilitate-failover