--- 
title: Riak Recap for December 28 - January 3
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on January 04, 2012_

Afternoon, Evening, Morning to All -

Big Recap for today: lots of Q & A, new code, meetups, and more.

Happy New Year.

"Mark":twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for December 28 - January 3*

# A Riak script was added to Nmap
-> "Announcement here":http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2012/q1/11  
-> "Script details here":http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/riak-http-info.html
# The next Bay Area Riak Meetup is happening on January 18th at the StackMob offices.
-> "Details and registration here":http://www.meetup.com/San-Francisco-Riak-Meetup/events/46649472
# John Leach wrote a great guide for running Riak on the BrightBox Cloud.
-> "Read and build here":http://brightbox.com/blog/2012/01/04/riak-cluster/ 
# For anyone who'll be in/around Copenhagen in early March: Basho, Trifork, and Erlang Solutions will be holding another NoSQL Roadshow on March 2nd.
-> "Details here":http://nosqlroadshow.com/nosql-cph-2012/  
# This isn't specific to Riak but very applicable and interesting nonetheless: a group at Berkeley is working on testing just how "eventual" eventual consistency actually is in Dynamo-style systems. You might be surprised...
-> "Research and in-browser demo here":http://www.eecs.berkeley.edu/~pbailis/projects/pbs
# 0.2.3 of ldapjs-riak is now available.
-> "On GitHub here":https://github.com/mcavage/node-ldapjs-riak
# The Riak Knowledge Base got a lot of updates over the past week. (For those of you who don't yet know about the KB, enjoy.)
-> "Which file system available in Linux is preferred for Riak installations?":https://help.basho.com/entries/20821008-which-file-system-available-in-linux-is-preferred-for-riak-installations
-> "How do I specify the location of the erlang crash dump file?":https://help.basho.com/entries/20048186-how-do-i-specify-the-location-of-the-erlang-crash-dump-file
-> "How can I observe object sizes and sibling counts?":https://help.basho.com/entries/20560741-how-can-i-observe-object-sizes-and-sibling-counts
-> "Are Riak generated keys unique within a bucket?":https://help.basho.com/entries/20811752-are-riak-generated-keys-unique-within-a-bucket
->" Can a cluster contain nodes running different operating systems?":https://help.basho.com/entries/20799171-can-a-cluster-contain-nodes-running-different-operating-systems

*Contributions*

# Sean merged some code from David Czarnecki into Ripple.
-> "Details here":https://github.com/seancribbs/ripple/pull/257 