--- 
title: Riak Recap for Feb. 27 - Mar. 1
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on March 02, 2012_

Afternoon, Evening, Morning to All -

Great Recap for today.

Enjoy, have a great weekend, and thanks for being a part of Riak.

"Mark":http://twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for February 27 - March 1*

# Basho put out a press release about Bump running on Riak.
-> "Read here":http://basho.com/news/riak_strategic_for_bump/
# Bump picked up some additional Riak-related press from some big sites.
-> "Write up on GigaOM":http://gigaom.com/cloud/how-nosql-database-riak-makes-bump-work/ 
-> "Piece in Silicon Alley":http://siliconangle.com/blog/2012/02/29/how-does-bump-handle-all-that-shared-data-riaks-nosql-database/
# More good news from the Community: Yammer closed $85MM in funding.
Congrats to Coda Hale, Ryan Kennedy, and the rest of the awesome team
at Yammer!
-> "Read here":http://allthingsd.com/20120229/yammer-lands-85-million-funding-round-from-draper-fisher-jurvetson/ 
# Jim Downey wrote two great blog posts over the last week that are
worth your time.
-> "Exploring NoSQL and CAP with Riak":http://jimdowney.net/2012/02/28/exploring-nosql-fine-tuning-cap-with-riak/
-> "Eventual Consistency: How Eventual? How Consistent?":http://jimdowney.net/2012/03/01/eventual-consistency-how-eventual-how-consistent
# Jim's "Eventual Consistency" post was inspired by a talk Peter Bailis gave at BashoChats last week in San Francisco. We just posted Peter's talk on the Basho blog, and it's well worth your 45 minutes.
-> "Watch here":http://basho.com/blog/technical/2012/03/02/Eventual-Consistency-and-PBS/
# Liam Kaufman put together a blog post about Riak and Node.js.
-> "Read here":http://liamkaufman.com/blog/2012/03/01/why-riak-and-nodejs-make-a-great-pair/ 
# So more Riak love at Erlang Factory to pass along: Jesse Newland is giving a talk called "Rewriting GitHub Pages with Riak Core, Riak KV, and Webmachine."
-> "Details here":http://www.erlang-factory.com/conference/SFBay2012/speakers/JesseNewland
