--- 
title: Riak Recap for April 10 - 12
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on April 13, 2012_

Evening, Morning, Afternoon to All - 

For today's Recap: blog posts, meetups, new code, and more 

May your weekend be merry, your pagers be silent, and your nodes always up. 

"Mark":https://twitter.com/pharkmillups 

*Riak Recap for April 10- 12*

# Christiano Anderson escribió un poste del blog excelent sobre Riak y sus primeras impresiones de él. 
-> "Léalo aqui":http://christiano.me/2012/04/11/riak-um-nosql-que-me-surpreendeu/
# We put another BashoChats Meetup on the calendar at BashoWest. This one is happening on April 24th and is all about how and why the Yammer team built a 45 node Berkeley DB Cluster.
-> "Details here":http://www.meetup.com/BashoChats/events/60019402/
# Will Farrington of High Groove put together a great slide deck about Riak for last week's Atlanta Ruby Meetup. 
-> "Check them out here":http://speakerdeck.com/u/wfarr/p/learn-you-some-riak
# More slides... Andy Gross' slides from his Erlang Factory talk called "Building Cloud Services with Riak" are now live. 
-> "Here":http://www.erlang-factory.com/upload/presentations/571/AndyGross-ErlangFactorySF2012-RiakCloudStorage.pdf
# It looks like the Riak piece from IBM developerWorks that appeared a few weeks back has been translated into Japanese.
-> "Read here":http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/jp/opensource/library/os-riak1/
# Congrats to friends and Riak Users Voxer on raising a new round of funding! Go download Voxer if you haven't already. 
-> "Details here":http://techcrunch.com/2012/04/11/walkie-talkie-app-voxer-goes-big-ivp-and-intel-lead-30-million-round/
# Jon Brisbin's AMQP-RabbitMQ-Lager backend got an update. 
-> "Details here":http://twitter.com/#!/j_brisbin/status/190904853294350339

*Issues*

# New
-> "/var/run/riak is not recreated on demand at startup":https://github.com/basho/riak/issues/130
-> "Riak can't listen on ipv6 addresses":https://github.com/basho/riak_core/issues/167