--- 
title: Riak Recap for March 23 - 27
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on March 28, 2012_

Morning, Afternoon, Evening to All - 

Great Recap for the last few days: new code, parties, blogs, and more. 

Enjoy.

Mark

*Riak Recap for March 23 - 27* 

# If you're at Erlang Factory this week, here's what you need to know:
-> "Details here":http://basho.com/blog/technical/2012/03/26/Erlang-Factory-Basho-Bash/ 
# Jon Brisbin is writing Riak-related code again :)
-> "He updated his Riak and RabbitMQ exchange":http://twitter.com/j_brisbin/status/184287568450428928
-> "He also updated his Misultin Riak Core VNode Dispatcher":http://twitter.com/j_brisbin/status/184735728297721856
# You should read just about anything Brendan Gregg writes. This blog post about Subsecond Offset Heat Maps (with a special focus on Riak, node.js, and Voxer) is no exception. 
-> "Read here":http://dtrace.org/blogs/brendan/2012/03/26/subsecond-offset-heat-maps/ 
# Gary Barlow wrote a post about the architecture of Picle app and how he's planning to move from MySQL to Riak if/when the time is right. 
-> "Post here":http://madebymany.com/blog/the-architecture-behind-picle-app 
# A new Question on SA that needs answering:
-> "How do you find the size of a bucket in Riak":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9847221/how-do-you-find-the-size-of-a-bucket-in-riak-in-mb-and-ignoring-the-backups

*Contributions*

# Sreejith Kesavan added meaningful exceptions to the Python Client. Thanks, Sreejith!
-> "Code here":https://github.com/basho/riak-python-client/pull/110
# Daniel Fernandez fixed the default timeout in the Riak Erlang Client. Thanks, Daniel!
-> "Details here":https://github.com/basho/riak-erlang-client/pull/44

*A few issues to catch up on*

# "MapReduce query fails if only a single JavaScript reduce phase is specified":https://github.com/basho/riak_kv/issues/307
# "Beams in basho-patches don't take precedence over existing code":https://github.com/basho/riak/issues/126
# "Let's ship libumem as our default memory allocator for Riak!":https://github.com/basho/riak/issues/127 