--- 
title: Riak Recap for April 13 - 17
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on April 18, 2012_

Evening, Morning, Afternoon to All - 

For today's Recap: blog posts, new code, meetups, and more.

Enjoy. 

"Mark":https://twitter.com/pharkmillups 

*Riak Recap for April 13 - 17*

# There is an "Evening with Riak" planned in London on May 10th. 
-> "Details here":http://www.meetup.com/DeNormalised-London/events/60652102/ 
# For anyone in NYC, Tom Santero is getting the local Riak meetup up and running again.
-> "Help us bring some concurrency to NYC":http://www.meetup.com/NYC-Riak-Meetup/messages/boards/thread/22412872/
# Armon, Mitchell, and the team at Kiip.me wrote a post about why they are moving their data into PostgreSQL and Riak from MongoDB. 
-> "Read here":http://blog.engineering.kiip.me/post/20988881092/a-year-with-mongodb
# The team at StackMob released their Scala Client for Riak along with a blog post about it. 
-> "Code":https://github.com/stackmob/scaliak 
-> "Blog Post":https://github.com/stackmob/scaliak
# Michael Klishin has been putting in some work on his Riak Clojure client.
-> "Code here":https://github.com/michaelklishin/welle/commits/master
# Another reminder about Justin Sheehy's talk happening in Chicago on May 29th. 
-> "Details here":http://gotonightchicago.eventbrite.com/
# I mentioned this on the list earlier but for those of you who just filter for the Recaps: we released some Riak badges; they will look beautiful on your site. 
-> "Details here":http://basho.com/blog/technical/2012/04/18/Tell-the-World-About-Riak/

*Issues* 

# New 

-> "fixed_char valgen":https://github.com/basho/basho_bench/issues/32
-> "add latency leveling":https://github.com/basho/riak_kv/issues/316	
-> "Ping Type Spec":https://github.com/basho/riak-erlang-client/issues/52