--- 
title: Riak Recap for January 2 - 7
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on January 8, 2013_

Evening, Morning, Afternoon to All -

For today's Recap: new code, blogs, meetups, and more.

Enjoy, and thanks for being a part of Riak.

"Mark":https://twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for January 2 - 7*


# Romulka released a json editor for Riak that runs as a Chrome extension.
-> "Code here":https://github.com/romulka/riak_json_editor
# Theo Bot released some code to connect Riak to the Perl Catalyst framework.
-> "Latest here":https://metacpan.org/release/Catalyst-Model-Riak
# We added some documentation about things you might do after you've installed Riak.
-> "Read here":http://docs.basho.com/riak/1.2.1/tutorials/installation/Post-Installation/
# It looks like Riak will be officially supported in the upcoming Fedora 18 release.
-> "Details here":https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Features/Riak
# Eric Redmond whipped up a new Riak downloads page for docs.basho.com
-> "Take it for a spin here":http://docs.basho.com/riak/latest/downloads/
# You still have a few more days to register for the Riak Meetup in NYC next week.
-> "Details here":http://www.meetup.com/NYC-Riak-Meetup/events/97496612/
# The smart people over at enStratus are hiring hackers to work with Riak, Chef, Puppet, and something called "Open Stack."
-> "Details here for anyone interested":https://twitter.com/botchagalupe/status/288697580865605632
# Slides from Shanley Kane's "From Relational To Riak" webinar are now online.
-> "Consume here":https://speakerdeck.com/basho/from-relational-to-riak
# Rémi Alvade wrote a blog post about the work he and Shopping Adventure are doing with Riak, PHP, and Symfony2.
-> "Read here":http://blog.shoppingadventure.fr/developers/2013/01/04/riakbundle-manipuler-riak-au-travers-dun-bundle-symfony-pret-a-lemploi/
# Riak and CRDTs were part of the latest Mostly Latest podcast. (The good stuff starts around 41:55.)
-> "Listen here":http://mostlylazy.com/2013/01/04/episode-9-with-kevin-lynagh-and-paul-degrandis-web-dev-ennui-crdts-and-core-logic/
# Christopher Biscardi wrote a quick blog post about why he's looking into Riak, Elastic Search, and Riak Core.
-> "Read here":http://christopherbiscardi.tumblr.com/post/39747397606/riak-erlang
# Tom "Bishop" Santero's "Adventures With Eventual Consistency" slides from a recent talk he gave in Philadelphia are now online.
-> "Consume here":http://emergingtech.chariotsolutions.com/big-data-seminar/
# Basho opened up our Riak CS Test Harness to the public.
-> "Details and sign up here":http://basho.com/blog/technical/2013/01/07/Try-Riak-Cloud-Storage/
# Basho is sponsoring the inaugural Monitorama in Boston this March.
-> "Details here":http://monitorama.com/#sponsors
# There's a Riak adapter in the works for the Node.js document storage ODM courtesy of Jonas Grimfelt.
-> "Code here":https://npmjs.org/package/node-document-storage-riak
# There's a "Intro to Riak" talk happening in Boulder on January 23rd.
-> "Register here":http://www.meetup.com/Boulder-Denver-Big-Data/events/95909782/