--- 
title: Riak Recap for December 16 - January 1
layout: newpost
summary:
---

_Posted on January 2, 2013_

Happy New Year to All -

Here's a Recap to cover the last few weeks. There's a lot of good stuff in here.

Enjoy. And here's to putting more Riak into production in 2013. :)

"Mark":https://twitter.com/pharkmillups

*Riak Recap for December 16 - Jan 1* 


# Brian Roach is getting ready to tag the 1.0.7 release of the Riak Java Client.
->  "The latest commits are here":https://github.com/basho/riak-java-client/commits/master
# Riakasaurus, the Riak Twisted Client that Colin Alston and the Praekelt team use and maintain, just added basic Protocol Buffers Support.
->  "Latest here":https://github.com/calston/riakasaurus
# Mark Steele released a Riak plugin for collectd.
-> "Code here":https://github.com/marksteele/collectd-plugins
# Basho is sponsoring SyncConf happening in Norwich, UK this February.
-> "Details here":https://twitter.com/SyncNorwich/status/280699800117202944
# Christopher Biscardi started work on a Riak -> Elastic Search River a few weeks back.
-> "Code here":https://github.com/ChristopherBiscardi/mau5
# We released a new white paper that some of you might find useful. This one is all about making the transition from a relation DB to Riak.
-> "Details here":http://basho.com/blog/technical/2012/12/19/From-Relational-to-Riak/
-> "We're also doing a live Webcast tomorrow all about this":http://info.basho.com/RelationalToRiakJan3.html
# Jakob Sievers' "MeshUp and other Riak hacks" talk from London Erlang Factory Lite was just released.
-> "Watch here":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grbQujKcjro
# Yurii Rashkovskii announced that he and his team are working on a "concurrency-oriented k/v database" based on Riak Core.
-> "Teaser here":http://genomu.com/
# InfoQ finally got around to posting Jesse Newland's Erlang Factory San Francisco talk from last year on Riak Core, Webmachine, and GitHub Pages.
-> "Watch here":http://www.infoq.com/presentations/GitHub-Pages-Riak-Webmachine
# Matthew Revell is giving a "Intro to Riak" talk at Erlang Factor Lite in Munich next month.
-> "Details here":https://www.erlang-factory.com/conference/Munich2013/speakers/MatthewRevell
# Dave Parfitt has been getting all sorts of ambitious on his Riak OCaml client development.
-> "Latest here":https://twitter.com/metadave/status/286188589577035778
# Last reminder about the Riak Meetup in Dublin on January 8th.
-> "RSVP here":http://www.meetup.com/Dublin-Riak/events/91521922/
# There's a new Riak Perl Client in town.
-> "On GitHub":https://github.com/myfinder/p5-data-riak-fast
-> "On CPAN":http://search.cpan.org/~myfinder/Data-Riak-Fast-0.03/
# Eric Redmond's "Little Riak Book" is looking better by the day.
-> "Latest here":https://twitter.com/coderoshi/status/286483152925499392
# Von Stark released a Ruby event machine client for Riak along with a blog post about it.
-> "Code here":https://github.com/vonstark/em-riak
-> "Blog post":http://tech.vonstark.co/post/38952977628/emriak
# Casey Rosenthal took some time to hook Redis up to Riak (by wrapping the Redis C client in an NIF)
-> "Code here":https://github.com/clr/riak_kv_redis_backend
# Some Q & A to finish things off.
-> "Riak for a CRUD Application":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/14097832/is-riak-database-suitable-for-building-crud-application 
-> "Riak Fails To Start":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13942633/riak-fails-to-start
-> "How to Send parameters to a m/r query":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13969952/how-to-send-parameters-to-a-map-reduce-query
-> "RJC Failed to compile":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/14035202/riak-java-client-failed-to-compile
-> "Riak key spaces and indexes":http://dba.stackexchange.com/questions/30812/riak-key-spaces-and-indexes